one can of processed beef between eight
people displaced and without proper
shelter Israel's strangle hold on
Palestinians in Gaza is getting Tighter
by the day and they are being
starved I'm living in this tent with my
mother-in-law and my in-law's orphan
children we have nothing at all no food
or water we're living on handouts
sometimes I receive one canned food
container it's not sufficient for the
eight of us and just like that the food
is on they're not sure where the next
meal will come from nor
when our children are suffering they are
living in fear and horror now starving
to death what wrong did they do this is
utter Injustice and the whole world is
sitting and
watching hospitals have seen a surge in
malnourished
children most children like this boy
Sammy have symptoms of vomiting and
diarrhea and are suffering from inter
etal infections and hepatitis due to
polluted food and water they're living
in unhealthy conditions in tents exposed
to the cold any food and water they can
get is not clean some Palestinians have
resorted to eating animal feed to
survive others look for water wherever
they can find it and whatever Condition
it's
in very little Aid is getting in
although just as death comes from the
air so too does life-saving supplies
even the United States has been forced
to use planes to get around the Israeli
blockade but it's not enough to feed the
people
here Assad B Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer